Theme API Spec (#1800)
MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback: specs/Theme.md

![Edge Settings Appearance Page](/specs/images/EdgeSettingsAppearance.png)
# Examples

## C++

```cpp
wil::com_ptr<ICoreWebView2> m_webView;

void ViewComponent::SetTheme(COREWEBVIEW2_THEME_KIND value)
{
    wil::com_ptr<ICoreWebView2_7> webView7;
    webView7 = m_webView.try_query<ICoreWebView2_7>();

    if (webView7)
    {
        wil::com_ptr<ICoreWebView2Profile> profile;
        CHECK_FAILURE(webView7->get_Profile(&profile));

        auto profile3 = profile.try_query<ICoreWebView2Profile3>();
        if (profile3)
        {
            profile3->put_Theme(value);
        }
    }
}
```

## C#

```c#

private CoreWebView2 m_webView;

void SetTheme(CoreWebView2ThemeKind value)
{
    // Check for runtime support
    try
    {
        m_webView.Profile.Theme = value;
    }
    catch (NotImplementedException exception)
    {
        MessageBox.Show(this, "Set Theme Failed: " + exception.Message,
                        "Set Theme");
    }
}

```

# API Details
## C++
```cpp
[uuid(5f817cce-5d36-4cd0-a1d5-aaaf95c8685f), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2Profile3 : ICoreWebView2Profile2 {

>   /// The Theme property sets the overall theme of the WebView2 instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  /// The Theme property sets the overall theme of the WebView2s associated with this profile.
```

>   /// The input parameter is either COREWEBVIEW2_THEME_KIND_SYSTEM,

Reviewer: We don't really need this sentence that just lists enum values

  /// COREWEBVIEW2_THEME_KIND_LIGHT, or COREWEBVIEW2_THEME_KIND_DARK.

>   /// Note that this API applies theme to WebView2 pages, dialogs, and menus

Reviewer: I like the text in your description above slightly better
```suggestion
  /// This sets the theme for WebView2 UI like dialogs, prompts, context menu, and so on. Additionally, this sets the ['prefers-color-scheme'](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/prefers-color-scheme) CSS media feature.
```

  /// by setting the media feature `prefers-color-scheme` for websites to

>   /// respond to.

Reviewer: Need to include the default value for the property.
